hello very good I'm killing the channel
beagle mack and today I make this video
to improve the last video I made
with the launcher is worth the last video was
for referral to the panda launcher and
and I did a little thing for the people who
play on mac could play as well
you know come on I imagine that if you are in
this video is for that it's worth I did it
a way that occupies 20 almost 27 gigas and
it costs quite a bit to download voucher and then
I wanted to upload it on other platforms
but I do not have gigas
I do not have so many gigas to upload it in
other platforms and only then could I
go up in mega, so it's worth nothing
you go to the link here below the
description and here you will find that
I've left a mega link and another link
mediafire vale you can download it from
those two now because the file just
weighs 26
point 4 mb no gigabytes worth I made a
made the other launcher work
way and so you download it from another of
another way that is a little bit faster
at least the theme of the mega or
mediafire is worth once you download
either of these two you download
'aces'
this file is worth in this zip folder
that there is here because none of this is easy
you can see the title comments in
twitter then nothing you go to my twitter and I
you comment, that's why I have the
tweet right host
ok you double click and unzip
Well, I passed, I gave him many
Trash clicks worth
it will come out
you will get this folder double click on
You can throw this folder to yours
applications if you want more applications
then the epic eyes
you have these two folders the only thing
you have to do in this folder is
give you right click to show content on
package
with temps
and in this folder here
mac osx it itches and you give it double
click vale you will leave this world of
warcraft is a unics application
downloaded from internet sure you want
you open it and here the
terminal as you can see minimizes it and
if you want to not bother and here is
start downloading voucher
I will not wait for it to download
because the video is going to be eternal
because my connection is very slow it's worth
but after that you get
automatically the game is worth it happens
enter and nothing enter your user
normal and current look we are going to
do I have it already downloaded too
here
once you have downloaded everything
downloaded enter the launcher if by
whatever it is by punching the launcher this
it does not open directly, there is
Sometimes it does not open, let's try
to see if it opens
we'll see
good set open
It's good fast so you can see
so it works
success what does it mean by connecting the
first time you do this it takes a
little takes a little bit because they are
generating the folders surely
a window comes out that puts
loading with a process of 91 92 93 94
OK
when the process comes out that what
you leave and then they will connect worth the
first time you are connected to
server takes quite the thing is if
giving it here you do not open it up no no no
launches the launcher here is worth entering
you enter again here to show the
contained the benissa package with temps
you come to mac osx and it itches is to this other
time
double click and here will launch the game
vale is a way to force anger
so then here
OK
as you see
It works that I do not want to do eternal
in the video would be to thank yes
you animate and you give it down there where
is the like and that and share the video
you comment
It would be appreciated so I see that the channel
is not dead male because maybe if
you animate a little more and comment or for
twitter let me hear that I'm like
that trying to make me a pitcher for
the game such and I try to do it
I leave here my social networks if you
you wait a little while you see
until the next ciao